what's going on this is arielle wirefly
calm and here is BlackBerry's newest
model the blackberry curve 8520
codenamed Gemini and it's really a
entry-level version of the curve family
probably about a step below the
blackberry curve 8900 but it's more or
less the same phone as the 8900
obviously with a different body and a
few different features namely the camera
and some hardware but you can see it
comes in two colors you have the
standard black color and then what I
will call a baby blue color so it may
look a little more silvery on the screen
and it is in person but definitely a
baby blue and will pair it quickly to
the blackberry curve 8900 you can see
it's slightly smaller but not very much
so really the same form factor and the
8900 is a little bit sleeker but for the
entry-level version that this is going
to be to the curve family a nice device
certainly you can see that the biggest
change here is the optical trackpad
which replaces the typical blackberry
trackball so the e520 is the first model
with this optical trackpad now I'm going
to go ahead and say it I've always been
a big fan of black bears trackball
trackball I like the way it feels but
the optical trackball also works very
nicely so no change in functionality
just feel really analyst on the back you
have a 2 megapixel camera but you'll
notice that there
no flash on the 8520 you'll also see
that there's no charging connectors here
so no support for a desktop charging
stand on the 8520 screen here is about
2.4 6 inches and 320 x 240 resolution
and on the right side you have your
usual volume rocker but you can see that
it's enclosed in a rubbery plastic which
I i actually think looks pretty good
then there so you can see that little
better and then below that your standard
app launcher key defaulted to the camera
as usual and on the left a 3.5
millimeter headphone jack BlackBerry's
been really good about including those
and your micro USB port for charging and
syncing and then another app launcher
key which is defaulted to voice commands
and then the 8520 takes another big
departure from the norm with a series of
buttons on the top here so you have a
music track jumper left and right and
also your pause and play key and you
also have the mute button there on top
and it's really the same interface as
you're going to see on the bolds curves
tours of the world so no big changes
there and it does have Wi-Fi so great
for web browsing and that 256 megabytes
of onboard memory with a support for a
microSD card which is behind the battery
cover so you have to slip off the cover
to insert the microSD card
but gives you a lot of extra space for
music video instant messaging comes
pre-installed with blackberry messenger
of course AOL google talk icq yahoo and
windows live messenger and as far as
games go you have brick breaker texas
holdem sodoku Klondike and word mole and
that is a quick first look at the
blackberry curve 8520 which is codenamed
Gemini be sure to subscribe to you wire
fly and we will see you next time